New advanced exercise on text manipulation (#2)
flatironinstitute/sciware-command-intro: advanced/README.md

echo "tata" | tr a o
```

# Exercise: Text manipulation

> In `data/input` you will find a file called `hamlet_act_V_scene_I.txt`, which contains a scene from Shakespeare's _Hamlet_. It is a plain-text file where each character's script begins is preceeded by a line containing the character's name (Consider previewing the file with `head` or `vim` to get a feel for the format).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `data/input` you will find a file called `hamlet_act_V_scene_I.txt`, which contains a scene from Shakespeare's _Hamlet_. It is a plain-text file where each character's dialogue is preceded by a line containing the character's name (Consider previewing the file with `head` or `vim` to get a feel for the format).
```

## The exercise
1) Find the number of lines spoken by "First Clown" in this scene.  _Hint: It may be useful to search the `grep` manpage for an option related to counting_

> 2) Make King Claudius speak Second Clown's lines

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2) Create a new file in which King Claudius speaks the Second Clown's lines
```
